Crypto
======

.. contents:: Table of Contents

.. raw:: html

   <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Mentors4EDU/Images/master/banner.png">

Intro
-----

Lonero is a newly emerging cryptocurrency that aims to be the future of
digital cash. The problem with current privacy coins, alt coins, and
emerging cryptocurrencies relies mainly on stability, security, and an
unknown future. We aim to fix many of these stability issues, be
extremely decentralized, and have technology that actively supports the
community. We are utilizing some of the most advanced technological
protocols in order to do so. This includes our consensus protocols that
support less barriers amongst ASIC vs. Non-ASIC systems, along with the
Cryptonote foundation’s widely trusted ring signature protocols,
multiple layers of security, and a utilization of “Proof of Work” and
“Proof of Space” mining. Among the technology we are also integrating a
Decentralized Autonomous Organization or DAO, bounty programs, and a
mathematical proof that allows further decentralization. We believe that
mining rewards shouldn’t merely be limited to hardware specifications
but also to total mathematical knowledge, so we provide a fair market
game to everyone involved.

Abstract
--------
The components of what makes Lonero unique is split into four different
parts: The HashBolt Masternode consensus, the DAO integrations,
Cryptonote’s ring signature integration, and multipath layer security.
In terms of the masternode consensus, we aren’t only allowing both ASIC
and Non-ASIC systems to profitably mine our cryptocurrency. We are also
granting large server infrastructures and x86 computer systems an easier
way to mine Lonero. The DAO integration that we are doing is less of an
organization and more of an integrative, curated, and regressional
artificial intelligence. We set parameters that prevent spamming or
abusing of the system to curate within our network and provide a
non-redundant experience for our users. This allows us to be fully
private, without running into compilations in our infrastructure or
allow usage Lonero in cryptojacking or distributed bot nets.

We aim to be one of the industry’s first privacy coins that is
institutionally compliant while still allowing a libertarian like usage.
We support an open free market for our users as Lonero truly is, as
stated, the future of digital cash. The utilization of cryptonote’s ring
signatures, while allowing multi-path layer security creates higher
technological stability among the transactional usage of our
cryptocurrency. Over time, we aim to be secure enough where financial
institutions and FinCEN regulated entities would allow an integration of
our system amongst theirs.

Our masternode consensus known as HashBolt allows for an extremely
decentralized crypto. It wouldn’t just break traditional hardware mining
barriers, but components such as difficulty targets don’t solely
determine technological value. Some mathematical components of our
crypto can also be solved by building recursive functions for analyzing
polynomial time or integrating merkle tree proofs for certain
transactions. The fact that we utilize the ability for segregated
witnesses and the algorithmic capabilities of what we are creating,
allows for easy scalability of the network over time.

Cryptonight Integration
------------------------
Part of our integration will be utilizing Cryptonote's Cryptonight
algorithm for our PoW hashing. Just like Bytecoin, Monero, and Digibyte,
we are aiming to be on the verge of the next big cryptonote based
privacy coin. While traditional usage of cryptonote's algorithm works
best on CPU cores, we aim to have driver support for all major mining
methods, in terms of profitability. This includes servers, GPU mining
rigs, and x86 desktop computers. Lonero also plans on having major
mining integrations. This will include planned integration with P2Pool
as well as further plans to expand configurations for UNOMP, Nanopool,
and many Cuda drivers. The allowance of Lonero being integrated with
core technologies related to open source mining pools or traditional
drivers allows for mass adoption of Lonero as a highly sought after
PoW/PoC based cryptocurrency.

In addition to the cryptonight integration, we are utilizing a PoC
system for verifying regressional times in our blocks. As mentioned
earlier, it is merely traditional hardware proof of work that allows you
to develop custom mathematical solutions on your hard drive for
transactional verification with minimal hardware. This can be
accomplished based on the mathematical proofs we are utilizing for
Lonero's cryptocurrency. Therefore, we identify as more of a hybrid form
of mining that utilizes cryptonight's hashing system, rather than just
pure cryptonight in general.

|HBolt|

A crucial technological innovation that makes Lonero superior is our
HashBolt masternode consensus. Traditional masternodes allow a form of
PoW system for processing transactions under a PoS type solution. They
are usually extremely costly on the added premise that you can earn a
much higher amount of crypto by operating a masternode. Eventually when
the network becomes so congested, a masternode’s ROI is less than the
current masternode cost. We have decided to change this. We are offering
a masternode type consensus for our community for free.

|minelnruml|

This means that not only are regular users able to mine, but we will
allow numerous extensions for people to run a masternode type system for
Lonero. This will grant users with superior hardware specifications or
mathematical capabilities to host mining farms, verify signatures more
intuitively, and allow both ASIC and Non-ASIC systems to take place in
healthy competition.

The Lonero Foundation
----------------------
The Lonero Foundation is the group behind the further development of
Lonero and its community. Our goal as the Lonero Foundation is to drive
the prosperous usage of Lonero (LNR) and the technological potential of
cryptocurrencies. We aim to ensure that projects built on top of Lonero
are beneficial for the industry and plan on making strategic
partnerships for continued sustainability and growth. We will always
advocate for privacy, security, and social awareness of topics that
effect the industry. This includes: “Supporting a free market”,
“Decentralized usage of crypto”, “Avoiding market monopolies”, “Privacy
in our digital age”, and sustaining our community. We believe a free
market society that encourages healthy competition is part of what could
make cryptocurrency great.

Economically struggling third world countries could greatly benefit from
the use of cryptocurrencies and spawn a new era of societal development.
The world around us needs a free market society based off of
technological advantages, opportunities, and a truly decentralized P2P
system. The original goal of Bitcoin was to provide a decentralized,
point to point electronic cash system free from centralization by the
policies of a single entity. We believe the original Bitcoin Core still
holds true to that mission, as well as many other cryptocurrencies in
the market today. However, the decentralization aspect can be taken even
further. The greatest issue facing other cryptocurrencies in comparison
to Bitcoin is the illusion of demand without a fully perceived
technological value.

Major companies in essence are using ICOs and the exchange of
cryptocurrencies as a monopoly. Projects are raising hundreds of
millions and reaching multi-billion-dollar market caps without a
finished product or a Minimum Viable Product. This trend needs to end,
as it is problematic for the continuation of a sustainable community.
The Lonero Foundation also believes that it isn’t the lack of regulation
that is hurting the cryptocurrency community, as much as a combination
of greed and technological ignorance. With the technologies featured by
Lonero, having one of the largest Initial Coin Offerings is very
possible, however we find no need to do so. If the team can develop the
technology and believe that it can grow purely on the basis of
technological value, an ICO is meaningless.

Privacy is an extremely important topic for us. Many people in the
technology industry are beginning to advocate that privacy is dead, and
a critical problem is the misuse of our personal data. While it is true
that people allow this misuse to some extent, many companies still go
far with what they use our data for. We at the Lonero foundation aim to
never collect the personal data of our users without informing them
prior to doing so, as well as never using your personal data for
political or monetary gain.

Transparency is important to us, and one of the values that the Lonero
Foundation closely adheres to. Without transparency, it is fully
difficult for a community to flourish. A proper community always
flourishes with trust and a great product. Throughout our mission we aim
to be one of the most transparent and community focused teams in the
industry.

What are Merkle Trees?
-----------------------

|MTreesLNR|

Merkle trees are an important part of the transactional structure of
most cryptocurrencies. Lonero’s own infrastructure will rely on a merkle
tree proof but have layers of complexities integrated in it. This allows
for a better integration of its current technologies. Current merkle
trees utilize an infrastructure that starts with the root and creates a
“leaf and tree node” for transactional hashes. What we do is integrate a
merkle proof for cryptographic complexity then utilize a ring signature
verification protocol for auditory proof of the transaction. All this
happens while we are integrating higher capacity path wall layers for
encryption and compressing the block in order to prevent the network
from overloading. Since we are utilizing this protocol, we can prevent
network congestion.

The allowance of transactional nodes, allows us to integrate with
multipath layer security and the ring signature protocol much more
efficiently. Since we are integrating PoW and PoC mining in our
consensus, we can offset the network cache while still allowing for a
high method of complexity for the security of Lonero's blockchain. The
best way to state it is the following:

1. Start the root: (Merkle Tree's origin for the transaction)
2. Integrate the sub root (Nodes of the transactions)
3. Verify the ring signatures (Before going to the next node)
4. Add a layer of complexity for the hashes upon the next node
5. Repeat for every transaction

Defining Cryptocurrency
------------------------
A Cryptocurrency is a medium of exchange that integrates hash based
algorithms or cryptography for more secure transactions. Most
cryptocurrencies utilize peer to peer communication for decentralized
networks, and have some sort of proof based algorithm for the
feasibility of the network. The most common proofs are: PoW (Proof of
Work), PoC (Proof of Capacity/Space), PoS (Proof of Stake), Proof of
Signature, and Hybrids. Many cryptocurrencies also utilize an origin
block and transactional merkle trees.

Multi-Path Layer Security
--------------------------
|MPLYRSLNR|

The Lonero Foundation plans on integrating multipath layer security into
our network. This applies to the ring signature and the transactional
nodes. The allowance of multipath layer security will keep our network
stable for long term user support and growth. The security protocol is
broken into a series of parts. First, one must start with the original
transactional hash. Then, once the ring signatures are verified, layers
of hashes are added to the complexity and difficulty target. For the
next node, the same process repeats recursively. Eventually, the network
keeps getting higher in security and transactional nodes are nearly
impossible to crack. The better this is integrated by algorithmic means
to the network, the more stable future Lonero will have as a
cryptocurrency.

Later, this can inspire newer projects or cryptocurrencies, and even way
more advanced methods like Quantum encryption can still learn from what
has been the past. The allowance of multipath layer security also
establishes trust in the network and allows third party vendors the
confidence to integrate Lonero with their point of sale systems. Over
time, you are establishing a mathematical standard for trust through
proof of cryptography for every single new string of nodes created. Just
as money used to have a gold standard, cryptocurrency needs to have both
a cryptographic and mathematical standard. These topics are highlighted
more in our mathematical proofs.

Analyzing Polynomial Time
--------------------------
 | 2O(log n) = poly(n) → Karmarkar’s theorem
 | 2poly(log n) → Quasi-polynomial time
Karmarkar’s theorem is utilized for solving linear problems in
polynomial time. This is where statistical analysis will allow for
regression. By utilizing Quasi-Polynomial time, it creates complex
sequential rings and patterns for the blockchain's ring signature. This
allows for the ability to create more mathematical proofs for solving a
block. Another primary aspect to recursive functions are patterns that
fall under the same patterns as Volterra integro-differential equations.
This is especially true with sequential data, in which having hybrid
mining algorithms typically utilizes a piecewise polynomial within its
logic. Since you are analyzing polynomial regression, you can create
algorithmic extensions to solving certain aspects of the blockchain such
as computational benchmarks and predictive analysis for having a better
luck chance of solving the block.

Merkle Mathematical Proofs
---------------------------
The Merkle tree proof that we are utilizing is the integration of the
ring signature verification, multipath layer security and the
utilization of polynomial time. The sequential rings and patterns
integrated on the blockchain allow for more efficient hashing and
regression for further nodes in the transactional roots. Because of the
mathematical proof we have, people can create their own custom mining
algorithms to go along with what will be readily available in the
market. Later, depending on community support, we may also create open
source tools and developer SDKs centered around algorithmic capabilities
and PoC mining for end users.

The Ring Signature Protocol
---------------------------
We utilize cryptonote's ring signature protocol for verification of
transactional PoW. Traditional methods utilize a public and private key
integration for verifying the original signature of a transaction.
However, ring signatures add an extra layer of complexity and security.
They utilize several public and private keys for the shared
transactional hash to verify the block. This means instead of just one
public to private key verification, you are further increasing security
by adding more signatures to your transactions. Utilizing this group
verification method is known as "Ring Signatures" and is similar to the
original signature method but integrates multiple signatures for
verification. Since you are using multiple signatures, the original
transaction root still knows the original public and private signers
once the verification for a transaction hash is verified.

In terms of using large scale systems, ring signatures allows for the
transactions to be eventually untraceable and a more secure form of
exchange. However, methods can still be implemented to prevent abuse of
the system. Having, a ring signature type protocol allows for a more
open market, and when utilized correctly, you can still have a network
with high speeds. Compliance is still possible with advanced forms of
exchange and allowing a technological implication of these protocols can
make actions such as cross border transactions faster, safer, and
significantly more secure.

Problem with Current Mining
----------------------------
Traditional mining systems are extremely outdated and inefficient. They
require higher capacity hardware for greater profitability, which leads
to the opportunity for market monopolies. Market monopolies can hence be
created for mining hardware, GPU systems, or even centralized towards
people who have data centers or mining farms. While, it is true that
people with greater hardware capacity may profit more using traditional
mining on Lonero's systems, there are still ways around it. Creating the
ability for "Proof of Capacity" mining solutions, (as talked about
earlier), allows for people to solve the blockchain utilizing their
mathematical capabilities and understanding. Now, not only wealth is
rewarded, but mathematical knowledge.

Applying Euclidean Geometry
-----------------------------
We have plans to integrate computer vision technologies later with
Lonero's core technological infrastructure. Part of this will be
Euclidean geometry and an A.I. that can integrate with merkle tree
proofs. This will be integrated in a series of different areas such as
the DAO creation, compression on the blockchain, and sequential pattern
recognition amongst the network. Imagine a merkle tree being
geometrically analyzed and manipulated as is a data structure.
Obviously, this will be a long stretch goal in terms of integrating with
Lonero's core development and will be laid out for the community over
time.

   For more info read `Beyond Blockchain: The Futurist Guide to Innovative
   Technologies`_ or visit the `Lonero`_ website.
   
`Everipedia`_ \| `Announcement`_

.. |HBolt| image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Mentors4EDU/Images/master/Hashbolt.png
.. |minelnruml| image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Mentors4EDU/Images/master/MiningUML.png
.. |MTreesLNR| image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Mentors4EDU/Images/master/MerkleUML.png
.. |MPLYRSLNR| image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Mentors4EDU/Images/master/HashUML.png
.. _`Beyond Blockchain: The Futurist Guide to Innovative Technologies`: https://leanpub.com/futurism
.. _Lonero: https://www.lonero.org/
.. _Everipedia: https://everipedia.org/wiki/lang_en/lonero
.. _Announcement: https://www.minds.com/newsfeed/1165654756163330048
